# Meeting 2

## Attendees

1. Anrich Potgieter
2. Imtiaz Kahn
3. Sabeen Tahir

### Apologies

None

## Agenda

- Project Outline
- Research Methodology
- Project Proposal
- Ethical Considerations
- Literature Review
- Complete meeting on learning platform

## Notes

### Project Outline

Zero knowledge proof, the idea is that minimal information you can prove the authenticicity of the. I f a young person goes to the pup the bartender.
They want to do zero knowledge proof, once only principle is. Once only principle and zero knowledge proof.

What if HR and transport upload their data to the blockchain and once the data is done.
Distributed autiing, when auitor comms. It alwyas follows a chain up and chain down.

I will submit by expendature and if auditor picks me they check the document.

Auhtorising without exposing the identity, the information that you need and the authority accesses the information.
Map some paremeters from the audit trails.

### Research Methology

Stacey would provide the structure of the information.
We need to see if this fits within the research methodology.

### Project Proposal

### Ethical Considerations/Clearance

Stacey would be the named interviewee and the case study is her organision.
I don't have to name my wife. There will be two or three autiors involved.
What type of question, will be it be a structured inteview.
You mention the numbers. What types of questions will I be asking. I suspect this would be interview based.

### Literature Review

## Action Items

- Zero knowledge proof reading
- commplete the project proposal.

## Next meeting

### Date

### Next Meeting Agenda
