# Meeting 1

## Attendees

1. Anrich Potgieter
2. Imtiaz Kahn
3. Sabeen Tahir

### Apologies

None

## Agenda

- Introductions
- Discuss Research theme
- Discuss Timeline

## Notes

[https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/9680595](Read this article)

interoperability -> latencies

Integration with legacy systems - RDMS or Web (Ubiquitious).
Proof of concepts connecting with companies house and land registry.
That in a way helps data interoperatiblity between.

### Integration with blockchain with legacy systems

- Take two legacy systems, then with proof of concepts A. integration of two types of systems.
- what sort of legacy system
  - supply chain
    - Producer
    - Shipment
  - Two datbases A and B, at present they dont talk to one another
  - Conneting these databases together via blockchain

### Action design research methodology

- you have to go to your user and you need to get feedback.
- include the feedback
- If you can find two supply chain actors.
- If not people who have some knowledge of those actors.
- If it is a store or a restaurant. It can be any type of supply chain.
- Independant user from that domain, friends and family. its not about the technical evolution but more about the culture.
- Show the importance of the work.
- Design a technical framework which the interoperability between legacy systems works.

#### UML Diagrans

- Data Flow
- Use Case

### Research gap

#### RDBMS

- Mapping between databases using a blockchain provides and interesting case for interoperability.
- You don't have to change the schema to interoperate between databases.

## Tools to explore

- CODA
- Substrate
- Ganash (IDE for building blockchains) - dummy blockchain frameworks

## Action Items

- Think about the domain
  - For example, two banks interoperating their data.
  - Two banks talking with each other
  - Transaction history between different actors.
  - There are different levels of security.
  - Blockchain can provide a smart contract. You can choose smart contract.
- Read [Article](https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/9680595)

## Next meeting

### Date

26th April 2022 at 5:00 PM

### Next Meeting Agenda

- Project outline
- Project proposal
- Ethical considerations
